I Drive red bus 93 I've given it for six
years
I'm Jeremy Jo and I had the good
opportunity to come out here 58 years
ago and 50 years later I get to be a
jammer many are Hotel based tours where
we just take people from all over the
world out to just have a great time for
the day we have an opportunity to come
out here and and drive these red buses
through the park which is the best job
in the park because we get to see the
beauty of the park regularly that way
take a ride back in time while you view
the sights of Glacier National Park in
style on one of the historic red buses
these vintage motor coaches built by the
white motor company travel over the
going-to-the-sun road and link all of
the hotels and inns within the park the
touring coaches drivers are called
jammers by the locals a name which
carried over from the days when the
buses had manual transmissions and the
drivers could be heard jamming the gears
as they drove up and down the rugged
mountainous highway this is my first day
and they told me that if I bring the
same amount back as I have left I will
probably have a second day a trip up the
famed going-to-the-sun road is an
experience like no other red buses
travel open-top providing spectacular
views
at Logan Pass guests can get out and
take a short hike among some of the most
inspiring scenery in the Rockies
a variety of different red bus tours are
offered at various points throughout
Glacier including the popular great
lodges of pleasure two buses leave from
all four historic lodges in Glacier and
Waterton including Lake McDonald Lodge
Glacier Park Lodge many glacier hotels
and Canada's Prince of Wales hotel on
the great lodges of glacier tour special
events and tours are held for those who
attend discover the infinite splendors
and majestic scenery aboard the historic
Reds
you